# CSC 544 Final Project

Created by: Drew Scott

### Summary:

This project's goal is to identify misleading data visualizations in the sports media domain. Obviously, to do so, such visualizations must be collected. This repo is where such visualizations are collected. Here, we collect visualizations from various subreddits.

### Files:
* reddit_posts.py -- utilizes the Reddit API to retreive images associated with posts from various sports related subreddits
* /subreddits -- contains directories corresponding to all the the subreddits that were accessed through the Reddit API; each sub-directory contains all of the images gathered
* /filtered_subreddits -- contains directories corresponding to all the the subreddits that were accessed through the Reddit API; each sub-directory contains images that appear to be sufficiently related to "data visualization"
* /filtered_subreddits_flattened -- contains all of the contents of /filtered_subbreddits, but with a flattened hierarchy
    * The .ts files store the tags associated with each visualization. These were generated by using the [TagSpaces](https://www.tagspaces.org/) application.
* image_metadata.json -- maps image filename to image url and Reddit post ID, so that images can be tracked back to their source easily

### Usage

In order to run ```python3 reddit_posts.py``` to collect the data, you will have to create your own authorized Reddit application [here](https://www.reddit.com/prefs/apps). Then, create a file ```local_secrets.py``` and create the variables needed to interact with the Reddit API.

```analyze_tags.py``` will utilize the JSON files generated by the TagSapces app to aggregate the number of images with each tag value.

### Stats

* 3,883 images were collected across all of the subreddits.
* Then, 468 images were selected during the filter stage as being data visualizations in nature.
* Then, these 135 of these images were being tagged as potentially misleading in nature under 35 categories.
